We added the check of a file resource: we visit all FLAG files and check
their size, which must be 0.

Take a step back and look at the structure: we VISIT resources, and
we CHECK them against constraints. What we visit are files and folders,
represented by <file> and <folder> elements. These elements are called 
SHAPES. A shape is a set of constraints plus a target declaration. The 
target declaration selects the resources to be validated against those 
constraints.

CONSTRAINTS are declared by child (and sometimes descendant) elements of 
the shapes. The <folderContent> element constrains the target folders 
of the containing folder shape. The <fileSize> element constrains the 
target files of the containing file shape. 

The TARGET DECLARATION is represented by attributes on the shape element. 
Here, the target declarations are FOXPATH expressions. Foxpath is an 
extended version of XPath 3.0, which supports file system navigation, 
as well as conventional node tree navigation. Foxpath uses the backslash 
to separate steps of file system navigation, and slashes to separate 
steps of node tree navigation.

What is the context in which to evaluate a target declaration? It is a member
from the target of the parent shape, or of the domain, if the shape is 
top-level. The "*.FLAG" expression thus selects all FLAG files in a folder 
from the target set of the folder containing the file shape. The target set
target set of the file shape is the union of the files obtained in the context 
of each folder from the parent folder shape. Come to think of it, this is 
exactly the principle of XPath - moving from shape to child shape in a 
Greenfox schema is the same as moving from step to step in an XPath expression.

The <targetSize> elements are also constraints. They constrain the result 
of the target declaration, for example the number of selected files. The 
TargetSize constraints thus apply to the target resources of the grandparent 
shape, as it is in *their* context that the target declaration did not 
yield the expected result. So every folder from the folder shape which 
does not contain FLAG files will be reported as violating the target size 
constraint of the file shape.
